Once, there was a dog, and it went on a walk. 
The dog saw another dog. He was very thrilled and decided to go talk to it. "Hello!" the dog said. The other dog did not reply. He tried to communicate with it but nothing happened. 

The dog's owner made him go fetch a ball. He grabbed the ball, but the other dog jumped on him.

The play got rough, the other dog bit him, and the owner didn't make him get off.

The boy was hurt, the owner called for the ambulance, and now we are waiting for news on whether he has an abscessed tooth.

His poor sister kept saying that he was the saddest person in the world, that it was her fault, etc., but she's ten years old.

When a parent called us she asked me whether he was going to die.

I said I didn't know.

If it was my son, I wouldn't even have been there.

My son and I got into a fight a long time ago. We used to be best friends but we eventually drifted away after thr big fight. It was an early morning and I offered to drive him to school.

"No! I'm going home with my friends!" he shouted.

"Come on.... It's the last day of school. Just let me take you." I replied.

"NO NO NO!"

"Well... you either can go with me or you can't go to school." 

I only saw him once more after that.

I was there when the last carrier plane took off for Algiers from RAF Valley and on the last day of his service.

The medical report read that he was killed by a piece of shrapnel from a bomb.

"Why couldn't I have been there?" I thought. 

Now it was my duty to save this kid from his dog.

"Hey you!"

The dog looked over.

"You're the one who made all the noise, right?

You disturbed everyone!"

His tail wagged and he replied, "Yeah, sure.

Now it is my turn to disturb you!

But he wouldn't do down without a fight.

I started to run towards him. 

BARK! BARK! BARK!

Oh nooo. His animal friends were helping him. 

Birds, dogs, cats, etc were all on the scene protecting and attacking him.

I started to hear cheers and then my human friends came. 

Family, friends, you name it!

"ATTACK!" I shouted.

The animals and humans started to run towards each other, so we could all save that little boy who reminded me a lot of my son.

